[Music]
oh I really like right now I'm drinking
a lot of kefir the one pregnancy craving
I have is just actually a glass of milk
which is so weird because I've had a
glass of milk in like probably 20 years
but lately I've been having a glass of
milk just cow's milk usually I wake up
and it's a struggle so I actually have
these things like you by the bed called
go cubes that are like cast made cubes
and I make this thing called butter
toast which is where I melt like a stick
of butter on a plate and then I like put
toast in another turn the toast over it
it's like so the toast is completely
saturated in butter I actually hate
fruit but I am supposed to eat it right
now I basically hate everything besides
carbs and fat like I actually dislike
vegetables pointedly but so I was
amazing spaghetti for like a year or two
years I only ate spaghetti and then I
was just like so sick and my hair
actually stops growing and watch the
doctor and the doctor was like you
actually are malnourished from not
eating vegetables or meat what am i
stocking on oh I'm supposed to eat um
it's vile but pure I forget what I'm
supposed to eat it but the cottage
cheese eating a lot of cottage cheese
it's at there's some nutrients I'm
supposed to get from it
I love hot dogs because they don't kill
cows for hot dogs so it's like you can
eat hot dogs without guilts if you need
meat and your but you still have vegan
tendencies or like
you know you want to try to like avoid
creating demand food because it's just
all the ways to sell the extra product
so I'm a huge proponent of hot dogs
actually and it is the best tasting meat
as well so the basic especially women
dinner date I mean this is probably sort
of like a crazy thing to say but I've
got a good hunt a great dinner date to
Mastro's
[Music]
and it's probably considered I'm not
vegan and during this time trying
[Music]
you